"# matlabmakergear" 
"# matlabmakergear" 

Use this code at your own risk!

This script uses matlab to read gcode from a txt file and sends command to makergear M2 3D printer. The gcode can be handwritten or generated by another slicer software. Matlab interacts with makergear via serial communication. You will need to change the serial port at the begining of the readtxtandsend main script to your cooresponding printer. It then reads the gcode line by line and send command to printer. It will send the next line once it receives ok echo from last line. Currently, there's no way to stop in midway, but modifications in progress.

Type wait in pop up gui to pause while printing. In command window, you can enter manual command while the print is paused. To resume print, type wait again in command window. It will enter manual mode once print is finished. Be careful coordinates in relative mode.

The listen function listens to echo from printer until there are no more.

The removecomment function removes all comments from commands.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
